New snapshot configs (#5817)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/target_schema.md

datatype: string
---

:::note

> For [versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.8#keep-on-latest-version) dbt Cloud accounts and dbt Core v1.9+ this functionality is no longer utilized. See the [schema](/reference/resource-configs/schema) config reference page for information on configuring snapshots moving forward. 

Author: ```suggestion
For [versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.8#keep-on-latest-version) dbt Cloud accounts and dbt Core v1.9+, this functionality is no longer required. Use the [schema](/reference/resource-configs/schema) config as an alternative to define a custom schema while still respecting the `generate_schema_name` macro. 
```

> For [versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.8#keep-on-latest-version) dbt Cloud accounts and dbt Core v1.9+, this functionality is no longer required. Use the [schema](/reference/resource-configs/schema) config as an alternative to define a custom schema while still respecting the `generate_schema_name` macro. 

Reviewer: same question on "versionless"

datatype: string
---

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

:::warning Legacy configuration

> For environments on versionless dbt Cloud or dbt Core v1.9+, the `target_database` configuration is no longer used or required. The field can be removed and the `snapshot` will default to the `generate_schema_name` macro or customized with the [`schema` configuration](/reference/resource-configs/database)

Author: ```suggestion
For environments on versionless dbt Cloud or dbt Core v1.9+, the `target_schema` configuration is no longer used or required. The field can be removed and the `snapshot` will default to the `generate_schema_name` macro or customized with the [`schema` configuration](/reference/resource-configs/schema)
```

:::

> 

Reviewer: I think worth calling out the new `schema` config as the alternative way to put snapshots in a custom database while still respecting `generate_schema_name` macro

Reviewer 2: One option: remove entirely.

Another option: update this  to compare / contrast current vs. legacy.

Author: Updated to link to the schemas page and the new examples. As we're still supporting older versions in the docs, will version control the page rather than remove it, for now

Reviewer: ^sounds good!
